Add support for swr with revalidateTag (#1122)
opennextjs/opennextjs-aws: .changeset/slick-crabs-hear.md

---
"@opennextjs/aws": minor
---

Add support for SWR (stale-while-revalidate) in `revalidateTag`

> Introduces a new methods in the tag cache (hasBeenStale, optional), both for the original and the next mode tag cache, mandatory for SWR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduces a new optional method `isStale` in the tag cache for both the original and the next modes. The implementation is mandatory for SWR to work.
```

> It also introduces a RequestCache utils that can be used to cache things scoped to a request (stored in the OpenNext internal AsyncLocalStorage context)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also introduces a `RequestCache` utility that can be used to cache things scoped to a request (stored in the OpenNext internal AsyncLocalStorage context)
```
